Docs(plugin) : Add ContextExclusionPlugin (#3646)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/context-exclusion-plugin.md

---
title: ContextExclusionPlugin
contributors:
  - jeffin
---

> The `ContextExclusionPlugin` allows you to exclude some of the context. A regex could be provided to plugin to configure it to exlude all context that matches it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ContextExclusionPlugin` allows you to exclude some of the context. A regex could be provided to the plugin to configure it to exlude all context that matches it.
```

> The `ContextExclusionPlugin` allows you to exclude some of the context. A regex could be provided to the plugin to configure it to exlude all context that matches it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ContextExclusionPlugin` allows you to exclude some of the context. A regex could be provided to the plugin to configure it to exclude all context that matches it.
```

---
title: ContextExclusionPlugin
contributors:
  - jeffin
---

_Context_ refers to a [require with an expression](/guides/dependency-management/#require-with-expression) such as `require('./locale/' + name + '.json')`.

> The `ContextExclusionPlugin` allows you to exclude context. A regex could be provided to plugin to configure it to exclude all context that matches it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `ContextExclusionPlugin` allows you to exclude context. Provide RegExp as an argument when initializing the Plugin to exclude all context that matches it.
```

__webpack.config.js__

``` javascript
module.exports = {

> 	plugins: [
>         new webpack.ContextExclusionPlugin(/dont/)
>     ]
> };
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  plugins: [
    new webpack.ContextExclusionPlugin(/dont/)
  ]
};
```
